# DojoBlox
Repository generated by Rojo 7.5.1. and GitSync plugins for Roblox Studio. DojoBlox is a Roblox strategy card game where players can collect unique elemental cards and use them in one-on-one battles with friends or rivals around the world! Elements consist of Fire, Snow, and Water. Fire beats snow, snow beats water, and water beats fire. If two cards of the same element go against each other the card with the higher value wins. If elements and values are the same, its a tie.

## Github not really used
Initially we created this repo with a Roblox Studio plugin called Rojo, but it requires the use of an external editor to sync, and we wanted to write scripts natively in Roblox Studio. Because of this, we used Roblox Studio's built in tools for version control and editing, which made the github repo unneccesary. The scripts on this repo are purely for the purpose of assignment submission

Generated by [Rojo](https://github.com/rojo-rbx/rojo) 7.5.1.
## Getting Started Instructions
To build the place from scratch, use:
```bash
rojo build -o "card-jitsu_project.rbxlx"
```
Next, open `card-jitsu_project.rbxlx` in Roblox Studio and start the Rojo server:
```bash
rojo serve
```

## Why this Project?
All four of us were interested in game development and we came to the consensus of recreating the iconic game "Card-Jitsu." We are looking to create our own twist on the classic Club Penguin strategy card game with the use of the Roblox Studio environment. Our goal is to create a fully functional game to publish to the Roblox game catalog. 


